For #8156: Add indicator to synced tabs suggestion in awesomebar (#8157)
mozilla-mobile/android-components: docs/changelog.md

      * BUGFIX: Support `HashSet` and `Dictionary` in the C# generated code.
    * Add a 10MB quota to the pending pings storage. ([#1100](https://github.com/mozilla/glean/pull/1110))
    * Handle ping registration off the main thread. This removes a potential blocking call ([#1132](https://github.com/mozilla/glean/pull/1132)).
* **feature-syncedtabs**

>   * Added support for adding indicator to synced tabs awesomebar suggestions.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
  * Added support for indicators to synced tabs `AwesomeBar` suggestions.
```
